FUNTOPIA:

This service is provided at by no cost and is intended to use as it is. 
This page is to inform the users regarding our policies with collection, uses and disclosure of Personal Information. 
If anyone decides to use our services, then you must agree to the collection and the use of information in relation to this policy.

Information Collection & Usage:

Device Information:

We do not receive any information about your device. New Folder within the application document directory is created to store some local in app files.

Social Information:

E-Mail addresses will be collected while providing us your feedback in order to reach out for your enquiries. 

Security:

We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that we do not share any personal information that we have collected from you. 

Links to Other Sites:

Our application may contain advertisements with links to other sites. If you choose to visit an advertiser by "clicking on" any type of advertisement, you will be directed to that website. The fact that we link to a website or present an advertisement is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place party websites, *//* may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites

you visit.

Children's Privacy

We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 16 years of age, and no part of the Service is directed to children under the age of 16.

Updates:

We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this page, and the revised version will be effective when it is updated. If we materially change the ways in which we use Personal Information previously collected from you through our Application, we will notify it through our Application.

